Add document on github administration (#1233)
WebAssembly/meetings: process/github.md

- A repository for each proposal. For general spec proposals, these are forks of the spec repository with the proposed changes applied. 
  WASI API proposals have a separate [template](https://github.com/WebAssembly/wasi-proposal-template). For example:
    - [gc](https://github.com/WebAssembly/gc): Integration with host garbage collection facilities
    - [memory64](https://github.com/WebAssembly/memory64): 64-bit memory support
    - [js-promise-integration](https://github.com/WebAssembly/js-promise-integration): Integration with JavaScript promises
    - And many others (see the proposals repo for a full list)
- A few repositories with shared code projects
    - [binaryen](https://github.com/WebAssembly/binaryen): Optimizer and toolchain library
    - [wabt](https://github.com/WebAssembly/wabt): Low-level wasm binary toolkit
    - [wasi-libc](https://github.com/WebAssembly/wasi-libc): C library implementation on WASI
    - And a few other projects and test suites
  
# Administration
The GitHub organization is managed by the CG and subject to the same
decision-making processes as proposals or other CG activity.  It has several

> organization owners (for redundancy and to cover several time zones): this is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
organization owners (for redundancy and to cover several time zones): these are
```

grammar nit
